add new external posts (#422)
ebpf-io/ebpf.io-website: content/blog-posts/2023-06-01-performance-tracing/index.md

---
date: '2023-06-01T11:52:00.000Z'
title: 'Performance tracing of Podman using eBPF'

> description: 'Learn how to implement performance tracing for Podman using an extended Berkeley Packet Filter (eBPF)'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Learn how to implement performance tracing for Podman using eBPF'
```
